BLOEMFONTEIN - Lectures were suspended and universities in the countries were shut down because of the student protest for free, quality education. But, protestors relented to allow the exams to go on. However, it is believed that the recent announcement of the 8 percent increase in university fees may cause the unrest to start up again, come the beginning of 2017 academic year. Tshidi Radebe (21) is a UFS student who is studying for a BA Management degree at the University of Free State and 2016 was her final year. In an interview with Dumelang News she mentioned that while the #FeesMustFall movement gave her an opportunity to study hard for her final examinations, the news of the fee increment has, on the other hand, left her a little more uncomfortable than before. Even though #FeesMustFall was an inconvenience to many students, for me, it was an opportunity to study harder than before. I am thankful because I had enough time to study. But the news of the fee increment is a little disconcerting. I am a student that has been funded by NSFAS for two years, so that means I'm already in debt. I m going to do my honours in marketing next year and truthfully speaking, I'm stressed because I decided not to apply for NSFAS because I'm already enslaved by them, explained a distressed Radebe.As she will be spending the holidays with her family, Radebe went on to say that she cannot fully enjoy the sweet fruits of her hard work because of the fees hike and her not knowing how she is going to pay for fees in 2017. Tuition has become a burden and my parents cannot afford them and as for the #FeesMustFall movement; I have a feeling it s going to resume in January because I am not the only student who is displeased about the government s decision, she said. Meanwhile, the Central University of Technology (CUT) management announced on their website that the university completed the 2016 academic year successfully without complications.The acting Vice-Chancellor and Principal, Prof. Henk de Jager, applauded the Student Representative Council (SRC) for their constructive engagements with the management of the institution. Maruping Direko (19) is a second year student at CUT who is studying mechanical engineering. He said that the 8 percent increment is going to be an inconvenience to a lot of students. I m already in debt because I m an engineering student so this increase is going to force individuals to be in debt longer than they had anticipated. Next year is going to be chaotic because a lot of students at varsities come from very disadvantaged homes so what is going to happen if NSFAS can t pay for all of us? asked the distressed student.