JOHANNESBURG - The 2016 festive season is already proving more deadly as the number of recorded fatalities since the start of December has already surpassed those of the same period last year. The Minister of Transport, Dipuo Peters revealed this in her address to the media on Tuesday . There are 845 fatalities recorded since 1- 19 December 2016, with an increase of 17% in comparison to the previous year s same period, the minister said in a statement. She said there was a 16% increase in fatal car crashes during this year s festive period with 684 deadly accidents recorded thus far. All provinces, except the Northern Cape, Eastern Cape and Western, have recorded a surge in the number of accidents. The Northern Cape recorded a decrease of four accidents while the Eastern Cape and Western Cape had the same accidents as last year. Limpopo and Mpumalanga recorded the highest increase in road accident deaths with an increase of 63 and 44 respectively. The bulk of the accidents, 82% have been mainly attributed to human error. The remainder were a result of roads and environmental factors as well as defective vehicles. Jaywalking pedestrians have contributed 30.7% of the carnage, with speed accounting for 15.2%, hit and run accidents contributing 10.2%. Overtaking in front of oncoming vehicles has so far accounted for 7.6% of the road carnage. About 40% of all the fatalities were passengers, over a third were pedestrians while drivers contributed the remainder. It cannot and it should not be that 39.2% of the total fatalities is passengers who place their trust in the hands of drivers and yet never reached their destinations. We take exception and condemn in the strongest possible terms those who remain irresponsible and reckless on our roads, said Peters. As an immediate measure to curb the killings, Peters said that she noted that 24/7 operations needed to be better enforced as did the impounding of un-roadworthy vehicles. Meanwhile, the minister blasted male stubborn and chauvinistic attitude which she said was contributing to the majority of the accidents on the roads. Her report also noted an increase in the number of accidents caused by females driving under the influence of alcohol.