QWAQWA - The Executive Mayor of Maluti-A-Phofung (MAP), Vusimusi Tshabalala, and seven ward councillors and council officials recently visited farms in Kestel ward 3 to thank residents for their participation in the local government elections in August 03 , as well as to introduce members of mayoral committee (MMCs) to the public. Tshabalala used the opportunity to hand out Christmas presents to farm residents. The mayor assured farm workers that the government has not forgotten them as there are strategies placed to ensure that they get services easily and quickly as stated in the 9point plan. However, the visit did not start on a smooth note as the mayor and his entourage were denied access to the farm residents at Smaldiel Farm by the white farm owner as he was not welcome and could not share the gifts with residents from that farm. Other residents from different farms such as Dumboskop Farm and Aberfeldy Farm gathered at the Railway Station. Sebina Khumalo addressed the masses present at the Nortjie household. Re hloka majoro a tshwanang le Cllr Tshabalala, ke thabetse boteng ba hae mona le ho refa nako ya hae. Re ntho ele ngwe and where government fails to reach you or acknowledge the community it should be made aware. Tshabalala said; Re tlile mona retlo keteka le lona, ke le lakalletsa Keresemo se e monate eo ke tshepang letla keteka le Morena Jeso hoba ntle le Molimo hare lotho ebile haona seo reka se etsang ka ntle le yena. He further thanked Hedry Nortjie for opening his home for residents living at the Railway Station and those staying at nearby farms to gather at his house in order to have a gift handover ceremony.The entourage proceeded to Eerstegeluk farm where different farms such as Solfrino Farm, Uitgeluk Farm, Sethutsi Farm and Alma Farm had a similar gathering where they were also showered with Christmas gifts. One of the farm residents, Lethiwe Miya from Aberfeldy, whose daughter received clothes and toys said; I am happy because it s the first time in my life something like this happens. May the Executive Mayor continue doing the good jobs he has been doing. Manaka Masiteng, one of five beneficiaries who got gardening tools said; I am happy that I got the gardening tools and will no longer use buckets to water plants. 