Officially inaugurated on 05 November 2010, Itau Milling plant in Bloemfontein ranks as one of the most highly advanced and modern mills of food produce in South Africa. With a track record spanning 20years from commercial farming activities under the banner name Berge Wanga under the tutelage of Mr Fanti Hattingh as owner and Managing Director, the Itau brand started as Thaba Nchu Roller Mills and later Thaba Nchu Flour Mills.Various maize and flour products are being marketed all over Southern &amp; Eastern Free State, Northern Cape and Eastern Cape. The group also exports to Lesotho and Angola. Itau is spreading its wings to the Goldfields, Johannesburg and surrounding areas, the Western Cape and Northern parts of KZN. The mill is geared towards producing high quality maize meal, bread flour, cake flour, samp and mabela. As such Itau is positioned to fulfil a major role in beneficiation of agricultural produce in the Free State. Itau Animal Feeds was then constructed to add value to Itau Milling s by-products. Itau produces a wide variety of animal feeds consisting of 48 registered products, which will increase as the business develops. Itau has evolved over the years to stay ahead of competitors and bases its philosophy on the beliefs of Mr Fanti Hattingh; Goals have to be set Endurance and commitment Sustainable quality product Training, motivation and setting common goals for employees To always act in the best interest of the business and its stakeholders Itau believes that a committed and motivated workforce provides the backbone of any successful company. Itau is also committed to the Free State and strives to employ local people as far as possible. Currently, Itau employs approximately 260 people. Itau believes that key skills are retained by looking after its employees and offering them fair and premium remuneration and incentives. Itau is also proud to welcome Mr Goodison Molefe as an Executive Director: Strategic Stakeholder Services and Special Projects who joins Itau from Standard Bank where he headed its Business Banking in the Free State. He has been brought into the group to assist in the growing the business in both its traditional and non-conventional markets, improving stakeholder relationships, application of BBBEE in the group, development of employees and creating additional markets and opportunities for growth. More important and key is the transformation of the group with business growth element, a concept Mr Molefe has coined, Transformation for growth . The drought experienced in South Africa in the recent past has influenced raw material cost and led to fluctuating prices. Procurement is, therefore, definitely the biggest risk area that Itau has to manage. Therefore, a procurement committee has been established that monitors prices on a daily basis. In addition, Itau benefits from long standing relationships with suppliers and these business partnerships have ensured that Itau could manage its supply chain effectively. Itau believes in giving back to the community and the company is involved in various social responsibility programmes especially disabled people: - Down Syndrome South Africa, Unity Day care, UFS student sponsor program. - The FS Top 100 Matric Programme in partnership with the Education Department. - Re Hlasela ka Diratswana a subsistence farming project (still in discussions) The company is hoping to come up with other CSI projects in areas of sports, poverty alleviation and entrepreneur development programmes. Itau is an African business which intends to meet demands set by the ever-changing environment.